Let's do a final improvement in our tasks before moving on back to the WordPress stuff.
So remember in the any the function that we write, you have to use the theme name as a prefix, right?
When you're done with your theme you'll probably end up with a lot of functions that you can reuse in
other themes.
So instead of using, hard coding your prefix here as "firsttheme" let's select all our prefixes,
I'm using the Ctrl+D in VS Code, and lets do something like
a generic placeholder like "_themename".
So it could be anything but I just chose "_themename".
You can choose any other generic prefix you like.
So let's save this.
And let's, also we have the theme name and the prefix in other, in the helpers file.
So let's replace these as well. And we'll also do that for the text domain.
And save. Let's search the folder for "firsttheme"
just in case we missed any.
So we have.
Yeah in index.php we need to also replace the function calls and the text domains. So replace these with
the "_themename".
We also have it in the gulpfile and the package.
We don't need to change these.
Maybe in the style.css we can also change these to the placeholder. What we're gonna
do now is create a task that will search for all "_themename" instances and replace them with
the theme name in the package.json.
So that way whenever you want to create a new theme you can actually use your old functions and
just replace the name in the package .json and run a task that will replace the placeholder with
the actual theme name. All right.
So let's create the task now.
In gulpfile. Let's install a plugin.
"gulp replace".
So this plugin replaces you know a string in a file with another string.
So let's install it and while it's installing let's actually use it.
So let's "import
replace
from 'gulp replace'".
And then we want to also import the package.json. Why? In order to get the name of the theme that we
will replace with a placeholder.
So let's "import"
let's call it "info". And we will get this from package.json.
All right?
Now when do you want to replace the files.
It's right before we bundle them.
Right?
So before zipping the files we need for every file that we are bundling we need to search for the placeholder
and replace it with the actual theme, theme name.
So I'm gonna pipe the replace plugin so ".pipe(replace())".
And it takes the first argument
the thing that we want to replace. So "_themename".
And then the string that we want to replace it with.
So it's gonna be info. And info will be the package.json  object.
So want the name property form it. So "info.name". One more thing, we also need to,
the name of the zip file will also needed to be dynamic. We need to get it from "info.name", so let's change
this from the
normal strings to a string with a ` in order to put a variable here.
So " `$.zip`. Let's save this and try to run. "npm run bundle"
again.
Let's now open the zip file.
And open let's say the, one of the functions and see if the placeholder is replaced. So let's open
enqueue-assets and as you can see it's new "firsttheme". Unlike the original enqueue scripts file which is here,
which has the placeholder.
So great. So now we have a foundation for any new theme that we want to create.
We have task now that that will dynamically replace a "_themename" placeholder in order to reuse functions.
And this will also apply to anywhere we use the "_themename" like in the text domain as we saw.
So this will make it very easy for us in the future to make a new theme and reuse some code from our
old themes.
So I think that's it
now for the gulp file. We'll come back actually to this file
during the course too, you know we'll have to do some other stuff.
But for now let's finally get back to the WordPress stuff.